Docs/rearchitect (#314)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/ensnode/reference/subgraph-compatibility.mdx

:::note[Contributions]
If you'd like to contribute to these features, please [open a Pull Request on GitHub](https://github.com/namehash/ensnode).
:::

## Possible Features

The following features could be implemented, but are not yet planned.

- [fulltext search queries](https://thegraph.com/docs/en/subgraphs/querying/graphql-api/#fulltext-search-queries)

:::note[Contributions]
If you'd like to contribute to these features, please [open a Pull Request on GitHub](https://github.com/namehash/ensnode).
:::

### Unplanned Features

The following features of the subgraph graphql api are explicitly unsupported and are not planned.

- [1-level-nested Entity `_orderBy` param](https://thegraph.com/docs/en/subgraphs/querying/graphql-api/#example-for-nested-entity-sorting)
- [time travel queries](https://thegraph.com/docs/en/subgraphs/querying/graphql-api/#time-travel-queries)
- [_change_block filtering](https://thegraph.com/docs/en/subgraphs/querying/graphql-api/#example-for-block-filtering)

:::note[Contributions]
If you'd like to discuss these features, please [open an Issue on GitHub](https://github.com/namehash/ensnode/issues).
:::

### Well-Known Queries

> These are the popular queries we've seen in the wild (namely via ENSjs and ens-app-v3)—the Subgraph-compatible GraphQL API strives to be fully compatible with these specific use-cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are some of the popular queries we've seen in the wild (namely via ENSjs and ens-app-v3)—the Subgraph-compatible GraphQL API includes full compatibility with these use-cases (and all other queries with the exceptions listed above).
```

Is that fair?
